hey youtube this is primetimepokemon and
today i'm going to review and summarize
the e x ruby and sapphire theme pokemon
expansion set and this is the 16th
expansion set released in the united
states and includes 109 cards and was
released on jun 18 2003 when you take a
look at the bottom of the card here and
there is the symbol what it looks like
there and there's a hundred nine cards
in the set this card actually features a
different design that the pokemon TCG
will follow for the next four years as
you can see went back to have the
borders pretty much all the same except
for the bottom border is little thicker
for the e-reader these cards can be used
on the e-reader but they don't actually
do too much not as much as the e-series
cards did this set is the first set that
was was made by nintendo wizards of the
coast no longer manufactured these cards
and ruby and sapphire was the first set
to include generation three pokemon so
the card layout changed the cards were
presented with a new circle pattern as
you can see up here there's a circle
pattern right across the top and also
the energy symbols are quite a bit
smaller than some of the cars and you
can see the circles here as well so
there were two theme decks released with
EXO ruby and sapphire there was Ruby
which consisted of fire and
fighting-type pokémon and then sapphire
which includes water and grass type my
favorite card in the set would have to
go to the e x cars there are 80 X cards
in this set and my favorite would have
to be probably Mewtwo e ex that's a
great one there's also grass fighting
water psychic fire and lightning energy
cards in this set that are the
holographic looking cards the packs that
you would get either had layer run
manectric sep
or my Tiana on the front so the ultra
rare cards from the set would be the e
ex cards so once again I'll have a link
to this set in the underbar below as
well as my facebook blog and twitter
links so if you want to look through
those scans and tell me your favorite
card in the comment section it'd be
greatly appreciated so thanks a lot for
watching and stay tuned for more videos
thank you